## What is MVC?

`MVC` is a `software design` pattern for developing web applications. A `Model View Controller` pattern is made up of the following three parts:

- Model - The `lowest level` of the pattern which is responsible for `maintaining data`.
(For example, a `Customer object` will retrieve customer information from the database, manipulate it and update it data back to the database or use it to render data.)


- View - This is `responsible` for displaying all or a portion of the `data to the user`.


- Controller - `Software Code that controls` the `interactions` between the `Model and View`. (Controller is the place where you write your `business logic`)


- Models - `Models` are responsible for `managing` the data of the `application`. It receives user input from the `controller`.
  (In short, `Model` is the place where you write your `database logic`.)

- Routes - `Routes` are responsible for `mapping` `URLs` to the specified controller actions. It receives user input from the `controller`.
  (In short, Route is the place where you write your `URL logic`.)


- config - `Config` is responsible for `managing the configuration` of the application. It receives user input from the controller.
  (In short, Config is the place where you write your configuration logic.)


- .env - .env is responsible for managing the environment of the application. It receives user input from the controller.
  (In short, .env is the place where you write your environment logic.)



`what is mongoose?`

`Mongoose` is an `Object Data Modeling (ODM)` library for `MongoDB` and `Node.js`. It manages relationships between data, provides schema validation, and is used to translate between objects in code and the representation of those objects in MongoDB.

